labelling-interface/classes.md, before:

# Classes

A class is a category in which labels are classified. It helps group similar labels together, which is essential for any labeling project. A class is defined by its name and has its own color to help differentiate it from the others.

### Create New Classes

When you create a new labeling project, it comes with the default class "None". These are the simple steps you need to take to create more labels

1. Right-click on an existing label
2. Click on the search field and write the name of the new class
3. Press enter or click on the button that says "Create class \[New\_Class\] "

{% embed url="https://youtu.be/v5nFalLCs94" %}

### Edit Classes

The classes tab in your project space shows all the information about all the classes in your project. The total number of classes is also visible to help you. The numbers that appear next to the class names are the respective keyboard shortcuts that can be used to quickly select the appropriate class. 

![](../.gitbook/assets/classes.png)

You can change the name of a class by selecting the edit icon and giving your class a new name.

You can also delete a class and all labels associated with it will be classified as "None".

Commit message:

GitBook: [#50] Add section on managing complex taxonomies

labelling-interface/classes.md, after:

# Classes

A class is a category in which labels are classified. It helps group similar labels together, which is essential for any labeling project. A class is defined by its name and has its own color to help differentiate it from the others.

### Create New Classes

When you create a new labeling project, it comes with the default class "None". These are the simple steps you need to take to create more labels

1. Right-click on an existing label
2. Click on the search field and write the name of the new class
3. Press enter or click on the button that says "Create class \[New_Class] "

{% embed url="https://youtu.be/v5nFalLCs94" %}

### Edit Classes

The classes tab in your project space shows all the information about all the classes in your project. The total number of classes is also visible to help you. The numbers that appear next to the class names are the respective keyboard shortcuts that can be used to quickly select the appropriate class. 

![](<../.gitbook/assets/Screenshot 2021-10-06 at 11.22.08.png>)

You can change the name of a class by selecting the edit icon and giving your class a new name.

You can also delete a class and all labels associated with it will be classified as "None".



### Managing  Complex Taxonomies 

LabelFlow can accommodate complex taxonomies, allowing users to manage very specific use cases. 

The use of the `/` to separate classes and subclasses is widely used and easily comprehensible: `Class/Subclass1/Subclass2` 

An example schema could be: `Object/Material/Defect` for infrastructure inspections, or even `Object/Type/Material/Defect`. 

![](<../.gitbook/assets/Screenshot 2021-10-11 at 11.23.37 (1).jpg>)

Using this methodology to manage complex taxonomies and use-cases allows for the classes to be easily interpreted once exported.
